# Reg. D: Rule 506(b)

intro reg d, context per defining an accredited investor in most cases in parent case text

Info needed when nonacreddit investors:

If not [public](TODO_PAGE_ON_SEC_13_OR_15D_FILER)

(A) Non-financial statement information.

If the issuer is eligible to use Regulation A (§ 230.251-263), the same kind of information as would be required in Part II of Form 1-A (§ 239.90 of this chapter).
If the issuer is not eligible to use Regulation A, the same kind of information as required in Part I of a registration statement filed under the Securities Act on the form that the issuer would be entitled to use.


(B) Financial statement information—
  (1) Offerings up to $20,000,000.
    The financial statement information required by paragraph (b) of Part F/S of Form 1-A.
    
    Such financial statement information must be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (US GAAP).
    If the issuer is a foreign private issuer, such financial statements must be prepared in accordance with either US GAAP or International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
    If the financial statements comply with IFRS, such compliance must be explicitly and unreservedly stated in the notes to the financial statements and if the financial statements are audited, the auditor's report must include an opinion on whether the financial statements comply with IFRS as issued by the IASB.



  (2) Offerings over $20,000,000.
  
    The financial statement information required by paragraph (c) of Part F/S of Form 1-A (referenced in § 239.90 of this chapter).
    
    
 :::foreign
 
   Such financial statements must be prepared in accordance with either US GAAP or IFRS as issued by the IASB. If the financial statements comply with IFRS, such compliance must be explicitly and unreservedly stated in the notes to the financial statements, and the auditor's report must include an opinion on whether the financial statements comply with IFRS as issued by the IASB. Must disclose the same kind of information required by Form 20-F if elidgible. The financial statements need be certified per the full subsection.

:::

If public:

(

  (A) The issuer's annual report to shareholders for the most recent fiscal year, if such annual report meets the requirements of Rules 14a-3 or 14c-3 under the Exchange Act (§ 240.14a-3 or § 240.14c-3 of this chapter), the definitive proxy statement filed in connection with that annual report, and if requested by the purchaser in writing, a copy of the issuer's most recent Form 10-K (§ 249.310 of this chapter) under the Exchange Act.

  OR

  (B) The information contained in an annual report on Form 10-K (§ 249.310 of this chapter) under the Exchange Act or in a registration statement on Form S-1 (§ 239.11 of this chapter) or S-11 (§ 239.18 of this chapter) under the Act or on Form 10 (§ 249.210 of this chapter) under the Exchange Act, whichever filing is the most recent required to be filed.

)

:::foreign 

May alternatively provide the information contained in its most recent filing on Form 20-F or Form F-1.

:::

AND

(C) Any more recent SEC filings, a brief description of the securities being offered, the use of the proceeds from the offering, and any material changes in the issuer's affairs that are not disclosed in the documents furnished.


## Equal Information

The SEC strongly reccomends providing the same information to both accredit and non-accredioted investors. We have omitted some laws detailing this for brevity. One of the easiest ways to satisfy these requirements is to make all shared information public for any potential investors.

Regardless of whether or not you use a public disclosure platform, it is also best practice tyo share your IR email with all potenial investors. This lets you satsify various requiorements that investors have the the opportunity to ask reasonable questions and obtain additional information.
